Print warning for unnamed return parameters and no return statement (#9990)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Compiler Features:

>  * Control Flow Graph: Print warning for non-empty functions with unnamed return parameters but no return statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Control Flow Graph: Print warning for non-empty functions with unnamed return parameters that are not assigned a value in all code paths.
```
